Added get credentials method, replace window.ethereum, remove private key from snap dialog, publish snap and connector to npm on creating tag (#9)
rarimo/rarime: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [Unreleased]

Reviewer: Keep the [Unreleased] section

### Added
- `@rarimo/rarime`: get credentials method

> - Publish snap and connector to npm on creating tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish snap and connector to npm on git tag push
```

### Changed

> - `@rarimo/rarime`: use ethereum provider instead window.ethereum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@rarimo/rarime`: use `ethereum` provider instead of `window.ethereum`
```
